So now let's talk about
the AWS Well-Architected Tool.
So the idea is that you want to review your architectures
against the six pillars we've just learned about
in the Well-Architected Framework
and then you want to adapt architectural best practices.
And so this is what it will look,
I will show you the hands on in a second.
And so how does it work?
Well you select your workload,
then you answer a few questions,
then you review your answers against the six pillars
in the Well-Architected Tool, Framework, sorry.
And then you obtain advice.
You get videos, documentation, you get reports and so on.
So let's have a look at how it works in the console.
So here I am in the console of the
AWS Well-Architected Tool,
and I can go ahead and define a workload.
So I'll call this Demo Workload
and you can add in some description, a review owner,
so, the description, then the review owner would be
john@example.com, and then what environment you're in.
So production, pre-production,
the regions you're operating in, for example, one,
and then if you're operating Non-AWS regions and so on.
The account IDs you're in, and so on and so on.
So you answer these things
and then you apply lenses to your workload.
So you can have these lenses such as
the Well-Architected Framework itself,
or the FTR Lens.
Or other lenses, the Serverless Lens,
the SaaS Lens, and so on.
And then you could also define your own custom lens
if you wanted to.
But, we'll just use is right now,
the AWS Well-Architected Framework lens.
So we click on Define Workload.
And then we can start reviewing
and start answering questions.
So the idea is that we'll start reviewing, and then this,
and the idea is that you're going to get questions
regarding all the six pillars in AWS.
So you get questions on operational excellence, security,
reliability, performance efficiency,
cost optimization, and sustainability.
And so you answer every question.
So you say, okay, these are my answers for this question.
And you say next.
And then you go into this one, you say,
this doesn't apply to my workload and here is the reason.
And then I click on next, and then so on and so.
And so you can see you have lots of questions
in lots of different areas,
so you can go to security, and I can say, okay,
I implement all these things for data in transit,
click on next.
And then when you're done,
and you can take a lot of time of course,
but this is for serious production application.
You click on Save and Exit,
and then you're going to get some risks.
So high risk, medium risk, and so on.
And so you can save this milestone
and say, okay, this is my first draft.
And click on save.
And in here, we can have a look at the lenses itself, so.
So I click on this lens.
And now because of my answered questions,
I have two risks being evaluated.
So I can go to improvement plan
and see that there is a high risk here
and a medium risk here.
And it gives me improvement items that link
to the documentation based on my answer.
So it's quite helpful for your teams to
go through this framework to make sure
that your applications are Well-Architected.
And in case they're not Well,
you get improvement areas, as well as
documentation links to make sure you are
running at your best.
Okay, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.